We 're in the mouth, we need the
sending as we explain
the nokia also of his good 15th a pen
rose
ok yes there is he playing good kiss
I already put in I made one of the details
so look you can see why
Usually increase this I wanted again
It's but now I 'm going to get out of here.
for you
at least the good is is that here you have to
leave doll five minutes the hair gives
five minutes and shoes and clothes and
documents in the freezer and then you
so to be able to stay warm you have
that pushing this button here will stay
Flashing Waiting For Fishing Rod As
stop fetching you like these details
amazing but the hill 2 essay to do
here now elsewhere
there the team stays then you can also
to draw on my back, I'll make it well
above average and it was really cool, right?
seeing this little thing here, manager in the
previous video that you can adjust
as you want then so cool
It was very beautiful and very decorative.
You can change the doll any way you want.
and you also leaving on the physical button
became darker makeup appears
Now I'll show you how the cold gets.
I already missed good now I liked it
You take the spray with love, it's not here.
O
And you can do more to act if you
You last more our serve
now Moorish and nóis okay and that
pot you put there and you put
hot water and so in the sky that the
makeup changes I do not know what I went through
but I think in the strong box very good and
What is this boss for you too?
if faith is next
you pull
here's the shea boot and yes it will break
tórshavn or there you now seem to go
withdrawing from the black agreement becomes more
alone to show good hair now
the hair is it looks purple looks like you
put in the freezer for five minutes
then after he is you can vote
catch you put it here it has been
behind
If I put it here , that's all.
take a spray and on the purple part you wi
for there the pink is in rock becomes pink and
sometimes with this spray of water
hot it turns white means he
stay warm white glue warm water and
It's pink and I think it 's the ice cream in
I think he stays in that cup in that tone.
blue is good here so I already said
this makeup hair
the hot pen here the hard line face
good people I came back and 16 is
with dress that is now in lay
You put it on for five minutes and it gets
time and the shoes the quietinha is white
she gets purple to preserve at home with
coffin is rice and it is going to
now I'm going to put it on the ufc and I'll
back
Oh, people, I went back to the island.
never good working pen Ice
But I took her backpack is black and
brown so far is show to
Escape Now Drawing
I finished and it looked good, different kind
because on top I left black on top
I left black and here I let lighten
then it went black with a clear Boninho
and that's how it was
so now renounce it common